-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-
вҖӘ[upbeat music playing]
вҖӘ[Magesh] Good morning. the Gomoras!
вҖӘ-It's your birthday!
вҖӘ-Wow!
вҖӘ-Happy Birthday!
вҖӘ-My brother!
вҖӘHip hip hooray! Bring out the balloons!
вҖӘ[laughs]
вҖӘHappy birthday. my brother.
вҖӘHappy birthday.
вҖӘ-Thank you.
вҖӘ-You're here now. You're here.
вҖӘ-Never. Never. What?
вҖӘ-Getting old now. He's getting old.
вҖӘ-Seriously.
вҖӘ-Who?
вҖӘ[Magesh] So. tell me. brother.
вҖӘWhat are we doing tonight?
вҖӘYou know that's Joyce's thing.
вҖӘShe's handling it.
вҖӘ-Oh. I know her very well.
вҖӘ-She's on top of it.
вҖӘI know she's very good at what she does.
вҖӘMy boy. give me a high five
вҖӘand another one.
вҖӘThere we go. Eat your bread.
вҖӘ-Stop messing around. It's a problem.
вҖӘ-[all laugh]
вҖӘAh. there we go.
вҖӘ-Baby girl. are you okay?
вҖӘ-I'm all right.
вҖӘGood. good.
вҖӘ[upbeat jazz music playing]
вҖӘ[patrons chattering]
вҖӘ[chuckles. sighs]
вҖӘCome on. friend. You can't compare
вҖӘyourself to other people.
вҖӘ-I don't know.
вҖӘ-Out of all people.
вҖӘyou should know better
вҖӘthan to trust social media. man.
вҖӘWe're watching these people.
вҖӘand yes. they have their issues.
вҖӘbut despite everything.
вҖӘthere are moments when you can
вҖӘactually see genuine happiness.
вҖӘI thought that we could also make it work.
вҖӘbut thenвҖҰ [scoffs]
вҖӘвҖҰclearly I've been fooling myself.
вҖӘ-Hmm.
вҖӘ-I'm in the depths of hell.
вҖӘI'm on fire.
вҖӘI didn't want to tell you. but I don't
вҖӘthink polygamy is for everyone. friend.
вҖӘIt really isn't. hey.
вҖӘI just feel like I'm in hell.
вҖӘFriend. you gave Jonasi the permission
вҖӘto have his cake and eat it too.
вҖӘ[sighs] You know. I wish I knew
вҖӘwhat to do about all of this.
вҖӘ[Thembi] вҖӘAt this point. I don't think
вҖӘthere's anything you can do.
вҖӘYou also went and told the whole world
вҖӘthat you guys are okay. right?
вҖӘ[Zodwa] вҖӘNo. this isn't fine.
вҖӘYou can still walk away.
вҖӘ-I love him. Zodwa.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘIt's his birthday today.
вҖӘSo. maybe what we need
вҖӘis just to spend time together.
вҖӘ-You know?
вҖӘ-[Joyce] вҖӘI can't. my friend.
вҖӘI need time.
вҖӘYesterday. I made a decision
вҖӘto just cancel his birthday dinner
вҖӘreservation at the restaurant. friend.
вҖӘHis annual birthday dinner plans as well.
вҖӘI just can't.
вҖӘI can't do it.
вҖӘWell. I'm proud of you.
вҖӘ-You're proud?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-Proud?
вҖӘWell done.
вҖӘI appreciate you.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘ-[FaceTime ringing]
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ[chimes]
вҖӘAh.
вҖӘ-You see now? [stammering] You see now?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘвҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘвҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday. dear JoвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Mmm. mmm. mmm.
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘYou know what. I should just
вҖӘget in my car and head to you right now.
вҖӘCalm down.
вҖӘThis is only just a sneak-peek.
вҖӘI've got more for you tonight.
вҖӘI asked a second nanny
вҖӘto help Jane with the kids.
вҖӘUh. tonight is going to be a bit tricky
вҖӘbecause birthdays are Joyce's thing.
вҖӘYou do understand that
вҖӘit's your first birthday as my husband?
вҖӘAs my official husband?
вҖӘI know. You know these past three weeks
вҖӘhave been very tricky.
вҖӘ-Let's not make things worse.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘOh. my gosh.
вҖӘ[sighs] Okay. you know what?
вҖӘThis coming weekend is all ours.
вҖӘOkay?
вҖӘI'll book us a place. It'll be exotic.
вҖӘWe'll go to the beach
вҖӘwhere you and I can be naked.
вҖӘYou know what. Jonasi? Gomora.
вҖӘEnjoy your birthday with your wife
вҖӘwho you love more than anything.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-вҖӘGoodbye.
вҖӘ[call ends]
вҖӘ[exclaims]
вҖӘHmm.
вҖӘ[birds chirping]
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Joyce?
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Hmm.
вҖӘyou've finally arrived. Hello.
вҖӘHello.
вҖӘYou're drinking?
вҖӘHold onвҖҰ [stammers] вҖҰwhatвҖҰ
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘWhat day is it today?
вҖӘIt's Thursday.
вҖӘWhat?
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘWhy did you call me back home?
вҖӘOh. yes.
вҖӘThe toilet in the en-suite isn't working.
вҖӘWhy didn't you call the plumber?
вҖӘAnd why should I call a plumber?
вҖӘ[clicks tongue] I won't stay here.
вҖӘBeing miserable like you
вҖӘand drinking alcohol.
вҖӘ-Now I'm miserable.
вҖӘ-I didn't ask for a second wife. You did.
вҖӘJoyce. I've apologized.
вҖӘI followed all your rules.
вҖӘWhat do you want from me?
вҖӘWhat do you want?
вҖӘWhat are we doing tonight?
вҖӘI don't know. hey.
вҖӘbut. uh. the night is still young.
вҖӘI'm in no rush.
вҖӘI'm just chilling. I'ma relax.
вҖӘ-This is rubbish.
вҖӘ-What? What are you doing?
вҖӘWhat do you want us to do?
вҖӘWhat's with him?
вҖӘ[baby wailing]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] My goodness. What's the matter?
вҖӘOh. my princess.
вҖӘWhat's the matter?
вҖӘHuh? Oh. Hello.
вҖӘ-[sucks teeth] Hello. hello.
вҖӘ-Just stop it. Stop it.
вҖӘ-Stop it.
вҖӘ-Baby. what's wrong?
вҖӘ-Please go put them in a vase.
вҖӘ-[wailing continues]
вҖӘA vase? Forget the vase.
вҖӘbecause I want you. What vase?
вҖӘDidn't you say Joyce is throwing you
вҖӘa massive party? What are you doing here?
вҖӘListen. you and I just got married.
вҖӘand I just want
вҖӘto spend my birthday with you.
вҖӘ-Mmm. Okay.
вҖӘ-Let's go to the bedroom.
вҖӘ-You know what. I'm glad you arrivedвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Let's go.
вҖӘвҖҰso you can assist me with the babies
вҖӘbecause I'm tired. Jonasi.
вҖӘ-You're tired?
вҖӘ-I'm tired.
вҖӘ-Tired from what?
вҖӘ-Take your child.
вҖӘand help Jane with the kids.
вҖӘ-Okay. wait. wait. Just hold on. Slowly.
вҖӘ-Here. Take your child.
вҖӘ-Take her!
вҖӘ-Calm down!
вҖӘ-What are you doing?
вҖӘ-Calm the baby down.
вҖӘ-[wailing continues]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] I'll just put the tip.
вҖӘAh. my goodness.
вҖӘOh. Jane.
вҖӘ-Ah. greetings. Mr. Gomora.
вҖӘ-Oh. thank goodness. Please take her.
вҖӘ-Please take her. take her.
вҖӘ-There we go.
вҖӘ-I need to rush somewhere.
вҖӘ-Sorry. my girl.
вҖӘ-What are they doing to you? Hmm?
вҖӘ-[wailing continues]
вҖӘ-Let me get out of here.
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘ-Here.
вҖӘTo me and you.
вҖӘ[Essie sniffs] You smell amazing.
вҖӘHold on.
вҖӘHold on. there's a car outside.
вҖӘ-Hold on a minute.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘ-There's a car outside.
вҖӘ-What is it?
вҖӘ[gasps] Hey. hey. hey.
вҖӘ-That's my husband.
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘThat's my husband!
вҖӘYou're married. Essie?
вҖӘWhere is everyone?
вҖӘ-[Freedom laughs]
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘ-[exclaims]
вҖӘ-So. you're here.
вҖӘAre my eyes deceiving me right now?
вҖӘWhat's wrong?
вҖӘIt's really him.
вҖӘ-Hey--
вҖӘ-Dad!
вҖӘHey. boy! Hey. boy!
вҖӘAh. no. Dad.
вҖӘAre you high?
вҖӘYou've been drinking. haven't you?
вҖӘ[Essie] He's going to kill you
вҖӘif he finds you here.
вҖӘ-Go. go. go. go.
вҖӘ-Where am I supposed to go. Essie?
вҖӘMake a plan.
вҖӘ[stammers] It's been a while.
вҖӘ[chuckles] You know. my mother.
вҖӘshe has a surprise upstairs for you!
вҖӘSurprise?
вҖӘ-[whispering] Get out. Leave. leave.
вҖӘ-Essie.
вҖӘGet out. I'll call you.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-And what surprise is that?
вҖӘ-Let's go upstairs--
вҖӘ-Oh. Gomora. [giggles]
вҖӘ-Out of the way. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-Hello.
вҖӘ-What are you doing here?
вҖӘ-What am I doing here?
вҖӘYou complain when I'm here.
вҖӘ-You complain when I'm not here.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘUh. I'm not complaining.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘ-You're not complaining?
вҖӘ-[stammers] Stop it.
вҖӘUh. what I'm trying to say. uh.
вҖӘyou're usually not here on your birthday.
вҖӘso I'm just surprised to see you.
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘ-I thought I wouldn't see you.
вҖӘ-Apparently there's a surprise upstairs.
вҖӘ-UhвҖҰ [chuckles]
вҖӘThe surprise is me
вҖӘwishing you a happy birthday.
вҖӘ-Come on. my love.
вҖӘ-[Essie chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Hmm.
вҖӘ-Oh. oh. Freedom. please go to the car.
вҖӘThere's some money there.
вҖӘ-Please get a nice surprise for Jonasi.
вҖӘ-[Freedom laughs]
вҖӘ-And call Sarah. okay?
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘ-[stammers] Would you like some food?
вҖӘ-Yes?
вҖӘ-Food? Let's go upstairs.
вҖӘ-Ah.
вҖӘ[Jonasi. Essie kissing]
вҖӘ-Hold on. I just want you.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘCome here. There we go.
вҖӘ[dog barking]
вҖӘ-What's wrong? Hmm? [moans]
вҖӘ-Oh! Uh-uh. [moans]
вҖӘ[Mpume sighs]
вҖӘOh. Mpume.
вҖӘ-Are you done eating already?
вҖӘ-I don't have an appetite.
вҖӘOkay. You know what?
вҖӘI can tell we all don't have an appetite.
вҖӘWhy don't we ask Ntombi
вҖӘto make us some dessert?
вҖӘMaybe she can serve us some ice cream?
вҖӘHow's that?
вҖӘ[sighs] Guys.
вҖӘGuys.
вҖӘIs this how things are going to be?
вҖӘBeing a family that doesn't talk?
вҖӘJust be down and depressed like this?
вҖӘCome on.
вҖӘMy baby.
вҖӘyou're off to varsity in two weeks.
вҖӘI'm sure there's lots of things
вҖӘyou'd like us to talk about.
вҖӘNo?
вҖӘ[sighs] Okay. my boy. what about you?
вҖӘSurely there has to be some sort of
вҖӘoffice gossip that's been going around
вҖӘthat we can talk about?
вҖӘ[sighs] Sorry. Mom.
вҖӘSorry that we can't pretend
вҖӘas if nothing happened.
вҖӘI just wish our family
вҖӘcould go back to how it used to be.
вҖӘ-And be a normal family.
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Normal?
вҖӘ-He hid an entire family.
вҖӘ-He's still your father. He's your dad.
вҖӘ-Menzi.
вҖӘ-He still deserves your respect.
вҖӘI wonder what lies he's been feeding you
вҖӘwhen you guys are cruising to work.
вҖӘStop!
вҖӘListen here.
вҖӘI'm not going to sit here and watch
вҖӘyou both rip each other into shreds
вҖӘover a man that's out there
вҖӘliving his best life!
вҖӘDo you hear me?
вҖӘCelebrating his birthday without us?
вҖӘMust be nice.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Yes. Mpume.
вҖӘIt's your father's birthday today.
вҖӘBut you see this.
вҖӘwhat we have hereвҖҰ
вҖӘit's our peace. Right here.
вҖӘAnd I am notвҖҰ
вҖӘI'm not going to allow him
вҖӘto take that from us.
вҖӘNot anymore.
вҖӘ[Essie. Sarah] вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘвҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday. dear Daddy вҖӘвҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday. dear Husband вҖӘвҷӘ
вҖӘ[all laugh]
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘHappy birthday to youвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-[Essie] Hip hip!
вҖӘHooray!
вҖӘ-Hip hip! Hooray! [laughs]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi. Sarah laugh]
вҖӘ-Here's your cakeвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Mm-hmm.
вҖӘвҖҰso blow your candles and make a wish.
вҖӘ-[Essie chuckles]
вҖӘ-[exclaims] My goodness.
вҖӘ-Forty-five.
вҖӘ-[Sarah] Yes.
вҖӘ[Essie] You're old now. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-[cheering]
вҖӘ-There we go.
вҖӘ-Take a picture. Freedom.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Yes.
вҖӘWhat are we doing now?
вҖӘ[both] We're taking pictures.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Mmm.
вҖӘ-[Essie] Goodness.
вҖӘ-All right. sure.
вҖӘ-[Essie] Take the picture.
вҖӘ-[sighs. chuckles]
вҖӘ-[shutter clicking]
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-[Essie chuckles]
вҖӘ-Let's see them. I don't trust him.
вҖӘ-[both laugh]
вҖӘ-[Essie] Wow.
вҖӘ-They're gorgeous. [squeals]
вҖӘWhatever you do. please don't post
вҖӘthose pictures on social media.
вҖӘUh. don't worry. Dad. I won't post them.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] That's my girl.
вҖӘ-Freedom. take the knife and cut the cake.
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Let's have some cake.
вҖӘ-Here we go.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Here we go. Ah.
вҖӘ[Essie] Take the-- Goodness!
вҖӘFreedom. what are you doing?
вҖӘWhat's the problem?
вҖӘYou've never seen someone
вҖӘeating a cake before?
вҖӘSince I was born.
вҖӘno one has ever bothered to buy me a cake.
вҖӘOr maybe even some sweet treats even.
вҖӘHave you lost your mind?
вҖӘJonasi. you think you can leave
вҖӘyour Gomora house and just waltz in here?
вҖӘAnd expect us to praise you and bow down?
вҖӘOur dear God has arrived. Lord Jonasi.
вҖӘ-Who are you talking to like that?
вҖӘ-I'm talking to you.
вҖӘ-You're full of shit. Jonasi.
вҖӘ-I'm what?
вҖӘ[Essie] Freedom. stop it.
вҖӘ-I'm full of shit?
вҖӘ-Yes. you. bra.
вҖӘI'll hit you and shove your face
вҖӘinto this cake.
вҖӘ-I'll make you eat this cake!
вҖӘ-[Essie] Stop!
вҖӘ-I'll make you eat this cake.
вҖӘ-Do it.
вҖӘI'll hit you and kill you!
вҖӘ-[Essie] Jonasi. that's enough!
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Beat me!
вҖӘLeave it. leave it.
вҖӘLet's go celebrate somewhere else.
вҖӘ[scoffs]
вҖӘFreedom?
вҖӘ-Have you lost your mind?
вҖӘ-Hey. hey. hey.
вҖӘPiss off. you hear?
вҖӘPiss off!
вҖӘYou call that man your father?
вҖӘThat man has hid you for 19 years. Sarah.
вҖӘ19 fucking years. man!
вҖӘ[Sarah sobbing]
вҖӘHe made everyone believe
вҖӘthat your father is Magesh.
вҖӘ[sighs] You are full of shit
вҖӘjust like your mother.
вҖӘFreedom.
вҖӘ[sobbing]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi exclaiming]
вҖӘ-[Essie vocalizing]
вҖӘ[kwaito music playing]
вҖӘ-Hey. hey. hey!
вҖӘ[Jonasi exclaims]
вҖӘ-Yes!
вҖӘ-[laughs]
вҖӘOh. Jonasi. what a surprise.
вҖӘIs this you who can dance like that?
вҖӘI thought the suburbs
вҖӘhad killed your moves.
вҖӘ-[laughs]
вҖӘ-You can take me out of the township.
вҖӘbut you can never take the township
вҖӘout of me.
вҖӘ-[singsongy] Let's celebrate.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Yes! [laughs]
вҖӘ-Yes. yes. yes.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Let's go.
вҖӘ-Why are we leaving?
вҖӘWe're still having a good time.
вҖӘI'm turned on now.
вҖӘ-[Essie] Oh.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi laughs]
вҖӘ-I'm good. let's go now.
вҖӘ-Uh. young lady. thank you.
вҖӘ[Essie] Oh. I've had enough. Let's go.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Wow!
вҖӘ-[Essie] Let's go.
вҖӘ-Please stop the car. I need to pee.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] What?
вҖӘ-[Essie] I really need to pee.
вҖӘ-Where? Here?
вҖӘ-Oh. my goodness.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Okay. okay.
вҖӘI'll just find a spot to park.
вҖӘ[Essie] My goodness.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Don't go too far.
вҖӘ-Oh. my.
вҖӘ-There are snakes here.
вҖӘ-[Essie] Oh. my. Oh. my.
вҖӘOh. [sucks teeth]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Go closer to the light.
вҖӘI can't see you.
вҖӘ-[sucks teeth] Oh. my goodness.
вҖӘ-Yes. right there. There we go.
вҖӘ["Vum Vum" playing]
вҖӘ[gasping. sighing]
вҖӘThere we go.
вҖӘ[Essie exclaims. sighs]
вҖӘ[groans] When you do things like this.
вҖӘI get aroused.
вҖӘI want you now.
вҖӘ[chuckles] Stop.
вҖӘ-You know. it is on.
вҖӘ-Stop.
вҖӘ[both moaning]
вҖӘ[Jonasi sighs]
вҖӘ[moaning continues]
вҖӘ-[Essie chuckles]
вҖӘ-We need to open elsewhere.
вҖӘ[chuckles] Oh!
вҖӘ-Oh. Sarah?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi chuckles]
вҖӘ[Essie] You're still up at this time?
вҖӘYes. Mom.
вҖӘ[Essie] Wow.
вҖӘI hope you're not talking to boys.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-No. Dad. Don't worry.
вҖӘI'm making invitations
вҖӘfor my coming-of-age ceremony.
вҖӘ[Essie] Huh?
вҖӘ[typing]
вҖӘ[Jonasi exhales]
вҖӘI'm sorry. What are you doing?
вҖӘInvitations for my ceremony. Dad.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘListen. Sarah.
вҖӘI need you to listen carefully.
вҖӘThere won't be any ceremony
вҖӘheld in this home.
вҖӘDo you understand?
вҖӘEverything you've written down.
вҖӘall those invitations? Delete them.
вҖӘThere won't be any ceremony for you.
вҖӘYou're not getting anything. you hear me?
вҖӘI won't keep repeating myself!
вҖӘ-[Essie] Sarah.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Look at her. Look.
вҖӘ-No.
вҖӘ-Sarah. wait!
вҖӘ[Jonasi] You're spoiling this child!
вҖӘ-Damn it. That was no way to speak to her.
вҖӘ-[door slams]
вҖӘYou're not even trying to hear her out
вҖӘor even consider her feelings.
вҖӘShe wants to do things
вҖӘthat will never happen.
вҖӘWould you say no to Mpume
вҖӘif she wanted this?
вҖӘ-Leave that.
вҖӘ-Whatever. damn it.
вҖӘSarah!
вҖӘ-This child is going to ruin everything.
вҖӘ-Sarah!
вҖӘThis child is going to
вҖӘruin everything I've built!
вҖӘ[Essie] Hey. just keep quiet or leave!
вҖӘSarah.
вҖӘ[groans]
вҖӘ-Sarah?
вҖӘ-[sobbing] Leave me alone. Ma.
вҖӘPlease. my child. open up.
вҖӘ[Sarah] Please leave me alone.
вҖӘI won't allow you to break Sarah's heart
вҖӘlike you've done with mine
вҖӘall these years.
вҖӘ-You're crazy. I'm leaving. [sighs]
вҖӘ-Oh. I'm crazy now? I'm crazy?
вҖӘIs that why you treat us like this?
вҖӘBecause I chose to stay in Soweto.
вҖӘWhile others got
вҖӘa better life in the suburbs.
вҖӘNow you're looking down on me and my kids?
вҖӘYou treat us like shit. Jonasi.
вҖӘ-Have I ever said that?
вҖӘ-You don't need to say it.
вҖӘWhat does Matipa and her kids have
вҖӘthat's different from myself and Sarah?
вҖӘJonasi. I know when you look at me.
вҖӘI'm a reminder of your past
вҖӘthat you're trying to run away from.
вҖӘSomething you look down on.
вҖӘIf that's the case. just know
вҖӘthat you and I come from the same place.
вҖӘno matter how much you look down on me.
вҖӘ-You're talking shit.
вҖӘ-You're full of shit. Fuck off!
вҖӘAnd I'm done being your toilet!
вҖӘ[crickets chirping]
вҖӘ[pensive music playing]
вҖӘ[sniffles]
вҖӘ[door opens]
вҖӘHappy birthday. sir.
вҖӘ[grunts]
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘ[grunting]
вҖӘ[chuckling]
вҖӘ[laughing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm